Model creation tutorial using services (#530)
ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo: tutorials/model_creation.md

\page model_creation Model creation

This tutorial gives an introduction to the Ignition Gazebo's service `/world/<world name>/create`.
This service will allow to create models in the scene such us spheres, lights, etc.

> Ignition Gazebo creates many services. You can check this typing:

Reviewer: This could be a bit misleading, because some of these services are only created if certain plugins are loaded. I think it would be good to mention that the `UserCommands` plugin needs to be loaded to offer the `create` service.

/world/empty/remove
/world/empty/scene/graph
/world/empty/scene/info
/world/empty/set_pose
/world/empty/state
/world/empty/state_async
```
# Including models and Lights

To create new entities in the world we need to use the [ignition::msgs::EntityFactory](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.0/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1EntityFactory__V.html) message.
This message allow us to create entities from string, files, [Models](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.0/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Model.html),
[Lights](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.0/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Light.html) or even clone models.
This tutorial introduces how to create entities from strings and light msgs.

## Include a model based on a string

We will open an empty Ignition Gazebo world, let's start creating a sphere in the world.
In the next snippet you can see how to create models based on strings.

\snippet examples/standalone/model_creation/model_creation.cc create sphere

The variable `modelStr` contains the SDF of the model that we want to create in the world.
In this case we are creating a sphere of 1 meter of radius in the position: `x: 0 y:0 z:0.5 roll: 0 pitch: 0 yaw: 0`.

> **NOTE**: You can insert here all kind of models that you can described using a SDF string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: You can insert here all kinds of models that you can described using an SDF string.
```

Then we need to call the service `/world/<world_name>/create`:

\snippet examples/standalone/model_creation/model_creation.cc call service create sphere

**NOTE**: If the entity name does not exist then the entity will be created in the world or if the entity already

> exist then nothing will happens. You may see some traces in the console showing this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exist then nothing will happen. You may see some traces in the console showing this information.
```

How about setting `allow_renaming` to true on the example message, so the user can run this multiple times and a new entity will always be created?

## Include a light

To include a light in the world we have two options:

 - Filled the string in the inside the `ignition::msgs::EntityFactory` message like in the section above.
 - Filled the field `light` inside the `ignition::msgs::EntityFactory` message.

In the following snippet you can see how the light's field is filled.

\snippet examples/standalone/model_creation/model_creation.cc create light

Or we can create a SDF string:

\snippet examples/standalone/model_creation/model_creation.cc create light str

Please check the API to know which fields are available for each type of light. There are three types of lights:
 - Point [rendering API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/rendering/4.1/classignition_1_1rendering_1_1Light.html) [light msgs API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.2/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Light.html)
 - Directional [rendering API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/rendering/4.1/classignition_1_1rendering_1_1DirectionalLight.html)[light msgs API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.2/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Light.html)

>  - Spot [rendering API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/rendering/4.1/classignition_1_1rendering_1_1SpotLight.html)[light msgs API](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.2/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Light.html)

Reviewer: I still think that a user can get confused looking at this API, because they can't call any of those functions from the example. I think the message API should be more useful here:

https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/msgs/6.2/classignition_1_1msgs_1_1Light.html
